Subject page updates (#4072)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/physics.md

---
title: Become a physics teacher
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>
  Teaching secondary physics is an exciting and worthwhile career. Schools need more specialist physics teachers, so it's a great choice of subject.</p>
  <p>
  You could inspire your pupils to consider rewarding professions, from tackling climate change to artificial intelligence (AI). 
  <p>

>   Tax-free bursaries of £28,000 or scholarships of £30,000 are available for eligible trainee physics teachers.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_physics$ or scholarships of $scholarships_physics$ are available for eligible trainee physics teachers.</p>
```
